_usecases/2-energy.md, before:

---
title: Energy
teaser: The CYCLONE tools will make it easier to distribute computing resources together with energy resources in order to collect measurement data of energy production and consumption in real time all over the grid.
---
We will use [Slipstream](/software.html#slipstream) to deploy the components of a Virtual Power Plant (VPP) that integrates distributed energy resources (DERs) for the generation of renewable energy and to combine them to one reliable power plant. We will also use [OpenNaaS](/software.html#opennaas) and [TCTP](/software.html#tctp) to provide tight data security both on the network and application layer.

You can find more information about the Energy use case in the following materials:

## Energy Use Case Scenarios<small>See pages 5 and 6 in our first newsletter</small>

{:.preview}
[![First Newsletter](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter first edition.png)](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter first edition.pdf)

## Energy Use Case Security and Compliance<small>See pages 4 and 5 in our second newsletter</small>

{:.preview}
[![Second Newsletter](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter second edition.png)](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter second edition.pdf)

## Detailed Use Case Analysis<small>See Deliverable 3.1, especially section 2.2</small>

{:.preview}
[![Deliverable 3.1](assets/images/deliverables/Evaluation of Use Cases.png)](assets/images/deliverables/Evaluation of Use Cases.pdf)

## Have a chat with us

Just [contact us](/contact.html) when you want more information about the use cases.

Commit message:

Revised QSC & Energy Use case description

_usecases/2-energy.md, after:

---
title: Energy
teaser: The CYCLONE tools will make it easier to distribute computing resources together with energy resources in order to collect measurement data of energy production and consumption in real time all over the grid.
---
In order to meet the climatic and energy target of the European Union the energy system is changing with the integration of more and more renewable energy resources. This implies a shift toward a decentralized supply model with an increasing number of distributed sources. A multi-cloud environment with heterogeneous infrastructure and data is formulated. In the new model there is the necessity to efficiently incorporate the huge amount of the participants with different roles and different rights. Therefore the adoption of the latest ICT solutions for managing the energy components and the energy data is essential. Given the sensitivity of the energy system the use case requires trustable cloud computing with an end-to-end secure data management approach. The data is collected, stored, analyzed and processed in the cloud-computing platform. The CYCLONE solution provides the possibility for easier multi-cloud deployments (including public or commercial clouds) by allowing manual or automated choice of resources to be used.

In the CYCLONE project the available components with their services are used to deploy in a secure environment the components for a Virtual Power Plant (VPP) that integrates distributed energy resources (DERs) for the generation of renewable energy and to combine them to one reliable power plant. Moreover a dedicated view on the requirements of the consumption of the energy was provided in order to consider new services. The CYCLONE solution provides a unified way to manage the multi-cloud environment of the future energy sector. The energy use cases using the CYCLONE implementation benefit in terms of efficient energy management and provisioning.

You can find more information about the Energy use case in the following materials:

## Energy Use Case Scenarios<small>See pages 5 and 6 in our first newsletter</small>

{:.preview}
[![First Newsletter](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter first edition.png)](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter first edition.pdf)

## Energy Use Case Security and Compliance<small>See pages 4 and 5 in our second newsletter</small>

{:.preview}
[![Second Newsletter](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter second edition.png)](/assets/images/newsletters/CYCLONE Newsletter second edition.pdf)

## Detailed Use Case Analysis<small>See Deliverable 3.1, especially section 2.2</small>

{:.preview}
[![Deliverable 3.1](assets/images/deliverables/Evaluation of Use Cases.png)](assets/images/deliverables/Evaluation of Use Cases.pdf)

## Have a chat with us

Just [contact us](/contact.html) when you want more information about the use cases.
