---
title: D2.2 Available
---
#### Deliverable on Dissemination and Communication Plan

We've submitted our second deliverable on Dissemination and Communication Plan. It is available on our Deliverables Page at: <http://www.cyclone-project.eu/deliverables.html>.

CYCLONE Dissemination and Communication Plan (DCP) presented in
deliverable D2.2 (M3) includes a number of activities to inform
community about the CYCLONE project, its activities and technologies.
The DCP describes channels, mechanisms activities to deliver the main
project messages to different target groups identified by the project.

<!-- more -->
The projectâ€™s communication efforts are focused to reach both the major
community of Application Service Providers and Managed Service
Providers, and other audiences such as Cloud Service Providers,
standards bodies, and the general public. Such diverse audiences require
a diverse range of communication channels taking advantage of an
outward-facing website, traditional media, and social media. The
branding strategy must provide a consistent image of the project through
all of these channels.

DCP uses both passive dissemination and communication methods and
(pro-)active methods to build future community of the CYCLONE technology
adopters. The important role in this activity will belong to the project
branding strategy described in the deliverable D2.1. The branding should
convey the core CYCLONE features: agility, flexibility, confidence, and
usage simplicity.

The presented DCP includes an initial plan for dissemination and
communication activities, including publications, events organisation
and attendance, which is based on existing partner network and
involvement into research and professional community activity. Having
such plan will allow building effective and coordinated project activity.

The presented document is an initial DCP that includes initial set of
related activities and will be updated on yearly basis based on analysis
of past activities, their effectiveness, including planning new
activities, responding to new technology trends, suggestions from
developer communities and demands from target user groups.
